
Ctrl + Shift + F (Search Everywhere)

Search Everywhere
Press Shift twice to search for files, actions, symbols, UI elements, Git branches and comments across your project.
Pressing double Shift again, will extend the search to non-project items.
Use tabs or direct shortcuts Ctrl N for classes, Ctrl Shift N for files, Ctrl Alt Shift N for symbols,
and Ctrl Shift A for actions to narrow your search results.

To check all methods in Class
 Ctrl + Click on Windows and Cmd + Click on macOS.
 If we need to see all uses of a class or method in our project, we invoke Edit – Find Usages – Find Usages (Alt + F7).
 File Structure Popup ( Ctrl + F12 )

 Live templates
 Use live templates to insert frequent code constructs.

 When you select a live template from the suggestion list, the template expands to the variant that is defined on the Editor
 Live Templates page of the Settings/Preferences dialog (Ctrl Alt S).

 Expand Code Section
 Press Ctrl W to expand code selection. Each time you press Ctrl W, the selection expands to other areas of code.
 For example, the selection expands from a method name to the expression calling this method,
 then to the whole statement, then to the containing block, and so on.


Find usages
Press Alt F7 to quickly locate all occurrences of code referencing the symbol at the caret,
no matter if the symbol is a part of a class, method, field, parameter, or another statement.

Surround code fragments
You can quickly wrap a code block in useful constructs.
Select it in the editor and press Ctrl Alt T (Code | Surround With).
The list of available options or wrappers is context-sensitive and depends on the language.
For example, you can surround html blocks with tags, and so on.

Live templates
Use live templates to insert frequent code constructs.
When you select a live template from the suggestion list, the template expands to the variant that is defined on the Editor
Live Templates page of the Settings/Preferences dialog (Ctrl Alt S).

Create code constructs with completion
You can create code constructs using statement completion.
Start typing a method declaration, a method call or a statement such as if, do-while, try-catch, or return.
Press Ctrl Shift Enter to complete the statement into a syntactically correct construct.

Access VCS-related options
Press Alt Back-Quote to access all VCS-related commands available in the current context.

Evaluate expression
You can execute expressions or reassign values for variables while your script is stopped by a breakpoint.
The Evaluate Expression functionality helps you to obtain additional details about the program state or test various scenarios at runtime.
•  If the expression is present in the code, hold Alt (on Windows and Linux) or ⌥ (on macOS) and click it.
 If you want to evaluate a specific code fragment, select it before clicking.
•  To evaluate an arbitrary expression, select Run | Debugging Actions | Evaluate Expression.
